# SNHU programming c++
This repository showcases my work with programming languages, specifically C++. It contains projects that demonstrate my ability to write well-documented and readable code, design functional programs that meet industry standards, and use multiple programming languages to develop secure and efficient code.
In this assignment, I was presented with a text document that includes six cities and their average yearly temperature in Fahrenheit. The goal is to read that data, convert it to Celsius using the provided formula, and then write that new data to its own file.
Summarize the project and what problem it was solving. In this assignment, I was presented with a text document that includes six cities and their average yearly temperature in Fahrenheit. The goal is to read that data, convert it to Celsius using the provided formula, and then write that new data to its own file.

What did you do particularly well? This was one of my better coding assignments in this class. What I think that I did well, was follow the instructions and come up with a code that delivered what was asked for with minimal to no errors, as I am not very good at coding being a beginner, so to speak.

Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on? There are a lot of opportunities for me to enhance my code. The most impotant thing to me is being able to spot errors and missed steps, which I am sure will come with time. Repetition would be something that can improve my coding, the more that I do it, the better I will become and get more familiar with the necessary steps to write good code.

Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network? The most challenging part was implementing the input validation, as it required a lot of conditional statements and error checking. To overcome this, I researched various validation techniques and implemented a function that checks for valid input using regular expressions. I am adding regular expressions as a tool of resources for future projects.

What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work? As a beginner, all aspects of what I have learned will be tranferrable to other projects. As I mentioned in the last question, adding reglar expressions as a resource or a tool to be used should help me a great deal.

How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable? I tried to follow the guidelines that we learned in the weekly assignments through the lab work. Trying to get the code exactly right without grammatical erros and missing steps, words, or other functions like necessary spacing, indentation to name a few things that are important to writing and maintaining good code.
